hello humans I'm you Schiller and I'm
going to be a quick update video real
fast I figured with the recent wii u
news now is a good time to be talking
about teacher wii u games a plan to do
i've already said this in an update
video real fast but to go over the games
i plan to record i'll be doing zombiu
sonic and sega all-stars racing
transformed and intend to land all at
the same time and then when they come
out i'll be doing project p 100 which is
now called the wonderful 101 and pikmin
3 and while i'm doing the first three
games i mentioned nintendo land zombiu &
all-stars racing transformed they'll all
be doing at the same time because
they're all launch games i'll be doing
paper mario sticker star from the
nintendo 3ds and also at that time i
might be working on pokemon white 2 that
may go on a temporary hiatus because i'm
going to be working all on all these
other games don't worry though it's not
canceled I've got plenty of parts left
to go I'm just saying I want to shift my
focus to these newer games and then I'll
get back to hook one when I finish i'll
probably organize all these walkthroughs
into shows kind of like what I'm doing
the pokemon white tea right now that way
if all you want to see is that game all
you have to do is subscribe to that show
and you won't get flooded with all these
other videos I plan to make and I'll
probably be doing like two or three
videos a day because I'm going to be
doing so many games at the same time um
I Kirby turn to Dreamland isn't is I
finished recording it there's a few
parts left to upload I hope to finish
uploading those by the end in September
but I want to shift my focus to paper
mario the thousand year door right now
because i want to finish that before
paper mario sticker star comes out so
i'm going to be uploading a ton of paint
mario the thousand year door parts ah
i'm going I've already got the rest of
the walkthrough record it's done its got
like a bit like 30 parts left to upload
which again is a lot to say the least so
I want to just upload all that I might
have two or three weeks before sticker
star comes out so I can work on white 2
or Kirby I don't know sticker star comes
out one week before the wii u comes
out so i'll have like a good week to
work on that and so i'm gonna be busy
and uh before I upload a ton of people
are a thousand year door parts uh I will
be taking a short hiatus from Sunday to
Wednesday Wednesday I'm so gonna be
uploading whatever I won't like you
usually do I have a mario tennis video
coming next and but otherwise every
other day every day besides wednesday
will be a paper mario part there might
be one day where it's a kirby part
instead until I finished kirby after
Kirby's finish it's just going to be a
ton of paper mario maybe i'll upload one
white to part in the midst of all it but
otherwise use a toner paper mario you
guys like Paper Mario so yeah if you
guys don't like Cape margin you know
don't watch it which appears to be a
case nowadays views often all that but
yeah yeah so I just wanted to update you
guys with what's going on I have a lot
of updates going on my Twitter and you
guys ever have any questions or
suggestions leave them ah have any
suggestions for videos i can upload on
wednesday go ahead and leave them on my
twitter page because I check that so uh
yeah thank you and see you all in future
wii u videos should be fun look I guys